Here are the steps to deploy JupyterHub, Jupyter Notebook, and Configurable HTTP Proxy in containerized form on Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS):
Create an Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) repository to store the Docker images for JupyterHub, Jupyter Notebook, and Configurable HTTP Proxy.
Build the Docker images for JupyterHub, Jupyter Notebook, and Configurable HTTP Proxy and push them to the ECR repository.
Create an ECS cluster to run the Docker containers.
Create an ECS task definition for each of the Docker containers, specifying the appropriate image from the ECR repository.
Create an ECS service for each of the Docker containers, using the task definition created in the previous step.
Configure the JupyterHub container to use the Configurable HTTP Proxy container as the proxy server.
Configure the Jupyter Notebook container to use the JupyterHub container as the authentication server.
Configure the Configurable HTTP Proxy container to forward incoming requests to the appropriate Jupyter Notebook container based on the URL path.
Optionally, configure SSL/TLS encryption for the JupyterHub and Configurable HTTP Proxy containers.

Here are some additional details about each step:
To create an ECR repository, follow the instructions in the Amazon ECR documentation.
To build the Docker images for JupyterHub, Jupyter Notebook, and Configurable HTTP Proxy, you can use the Dockerfiles provided by each project and the docker build command. Once the images are built, you can use the docker push command to push them to the ECR repository.
To create an ECS cluster, follow the instructions in the Amazon ECS documentation.
To create an ECS task definition for each Docker container, follow the instructions in the Amazon ECS documentation.
To create an ECS service for each Docker container, follow the instructions in the Amazon ECS documentation.
To configure the JupyterHub container to use the Configurable HTTP Proxy container as the proxy server, you can set the JUPYTERHUB_PROXY_API_URL environment variable to the URL of the Configurable HTTP Proxy container.
To configure the Jupyter Notebook container to use the JupyterHub container as the authentication server, you can set the JUPYTERHUB_API_URL environment variable to the URL of the JupyterHub container.
To configure the Configurable HTTP Proxy container to forward incoming requests to the appropriate Jupyter Notebook container based on the URL path, you can use the jupyterhub-http-proxy module and specify the appropriate routing rules.
To configure SSL/TLS encryption, you can use a load balancer with SSL termination in front of the JupyterHub and Configurable HTTP Proxy containers, or you can configure SSL/TLS encryption directly in the containers using a self-signed or trusted certificate.
By following these steps, you can deploy JupyterHub, Jupyter Notebook, and Configurable HTTP Proxy in a containerized form on Amazon ECS and take advantage of the benefits of containerization, such as portability, scalability, and isolation.